
<!doctype html>
<html lang="en" class="no-js">
  <head>
    
      <meta charset="utf-8">
      <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width,initial-scale=1">
      
      
      
      
        <link rel="canonical" href="https://osg-htc.org/management/ac-meeting-archive/">
      
      <link rel="icon" href="../img/favicon.ico">
      <meta name="generator" content="mkdocs-1.1.2, mkdocs-material-7.1.0">
    
    
      
        <title>AC Meeting Archive - OSG Management Area</title>
      
    
    
      <link rel="stylesheet" href="../assets/stylesheets/main.33e2939f.min.css">
      
        
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="../assets/stylesheets/palette.ef6f36e2.min.css">
        
      
    
    
    
      
        
        <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Roboto:300,400,400i,700%7CRoboto+Mono&display=fallback">
        <style>:root{--md-text-font-family:"Roboto";--md-code-font-family:"Roboto Mono"}</style>
      
    
    
    
    
      
    
    
  </head>
  
  
    
    
    
    
    
    <body dir="ltr" data-md-color-scheme="" data-md-color-primary="none" data-md-color-accent="none">
  
    
    <script>function __prefix(e){return new URL("..",location).pathname+"."+e}function __get(e,t=localStorage){return JSON.parse(t.getItem(__prefix(e)))}</script>
    
    <input class="md-toggle" data-md-toggle="drawer" type="checkbox" id="__drawer" autocomplete="off">
    <input class="md-toggle" data-md-toggle="search" type="checkbox" id="__search" autocomplete="off">
    <label class="md-overlay" for="__drawer"></label>
    <div data-md-component="skip">
      
        
        <a href="#area-coordinator-meeting-archive" class="md-skip">
          Skip to content
        </a>
      
    </div>
    <div data-md-component="announce">
      
    </div>
    
      <header class="md-header" data-md-component="header">
  <nav class="md-header__inner md-grid" aria-label="Header">
    <a href=".." title="OSG Management Area" class="md-header__button md-logo" aria-label="OSG Management Area" data-md-component="logo">
      
  
  <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M12 8a3 3 0 0 0 3-3 3 3 0 0 0-3-3 3 3 0 0 0-3 3 3 3 0 0 0 3 3m0 3.54C9.64 9.35 6.5 8 3 8v11c3.5 0 6.64 1.35 9 3.54 2.36-2.19 5.5-3.54 9-3.54V8c-3.5 0-6.64 1.35-9 3.54z"/></svg>

    </a>
    <label class="md-header__button md-icon" for="__drawer">
      <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M3 6h18v2H3V6m0 5h18v2H3v-2m0 5h18v2H3v-2z"/></svg>
    </label>
    <div class="md-header__title" data-md-component="header-title">
      <div class="md-header__ellipsis">
        <div class="md-header__topic">
          <span class="md-ellipsis">
            OSG Management Area
          </span>
        </div>
        <div class="md-header__topic" data-md-component="header-topic">
          <span class="md-ellipsis">
            
              AC Meeting Archive
            
          </span>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    
    
    
      <label class="md-header__button md-icon" for="__search">
        <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M9.5 3A6.5 6.5 0 0 1 16 9.5c0 1.61-.59 3.09-1.56 4.23l.27.27h.79l5 5-1.5 1.5-5-5v-.79l-.27-.27A6.516 6.516 0 0 1 9.5 16 6.5 6.5 0 0 1 3 9.5 6.5 6.5 0 0 1 9.5 3m0 2C7 5 5 7 5 9.5S7 14 9.5 14 14 12 14 9.5 12 5 9.5 5z"/></svg>
      </label>
      
<div class="md-search" data-md-component="search" role="dialog">
  <label class="md-search__overlay" for="__search"></label>
  <div class="md-search__inner" role="search">
    <form class="md-search__form" name="search">
      <input type="text" class="md-search__input" name="query" aria-label="Search" placeholder="Search" autocapitalize="off" autocorrect="off" autocomplete="off" spellcheck="false" data-md-component="search-query" data-md-state="active" required>
      <label class="md-search__icon md-icon" for="__search">
        <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M9.5 3A6.5 6.5 0 0 1 16 9.5c0 1.61-.59 3.09-1.56 4.23l.27.27h.79l5 5-1.5 1.5-5-5v-.79l-.27-.27A6.516 6.516 0 0 1 9.5 16 6.5 6.5 0 0 1 3 9.5 6.5 6.5 0 0 1 9.5 3m0 2C7 5 5 7 5 9.5S7 14 9.5 14 14 12 14 9.5 12 5 9.5 5z"/></svg>
        <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M20 11v2H8l5.5 5.5-1.42 1.42L4.16 12l7.92-7.92L13.5 5.5 8 11h12z"/></svg>
      </label>
      <button type="reset" class="md-search__icon md-icon" aria-label="Clear" tabindex="-1">
        <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M19 6.41 17.59 5 12 10.59 6.41 5 5 6.41 10.59 12 5 17.59 6.41 19 12 13.41 17.59 19 19 17.59 13.41 12 19 6.41z"/></svg>
      </button>
    </form>
    <div class="md-search__output">
      <div class="md-search__scrollwrap" data-md-scrollfix>
        <div class="md-search-result" data-md-component="search-result">
          <div class="md-search-result__meta">
            Initializing search
          </div>
          <ol class="md-search-result__list"></ol>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
  </div>
</div>
    
    
      <div class="md-header__source">
        
<a href="https://github.com/osg-htc/management/" title="Go to repository" class="md-source" data-md-component="source">
  <div class="md-source__icon md-icon">
    
    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 448 512"><path d="M439.55 236.05 244 40.45a28.87 28.87 0 0 0-40.81 0l-40.66 40.63 51.52 51.52c27.06-9.14 52.68 16.77 43.39 43.68l49.66 49.66c34.23-11.8 61.18 31 35.47 56.69-26.49 26.49-70.21-2.87-56-37.34L240.22 199v121.85c25.3 12.54 22.26 41.85 9.08 55a34.34 34.34 0 0 1-48.55 0c-17.57-17.6-11.07-46.91 11.25-56v-123c-20.8-8.51-24.6-30.74-18.64-45L142.57 101 8.45 235.14a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 0 40.81l195.61 195.6a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 40.8 0l194.69-194.69a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 0-40.81z"/></svg>
  </div>
  <div class="md-source__repository">
    GitHub
  </div>
</a>
      </div>
    
  </nav>
</header>
    
    <div class="md-container" data-md-component="container">
      
      
        
      
      <main class="md-main" data-md-component="main">
        <div class="md-main__inner md-grid">
          
            
              
              <div class="md-sidebar md-sidebar--primary" data-md-component="sidebar" data-md-type="navigation" >
                <div class="md-sidebar__scrollwrap">
                  <div class="md-sidebar__inner">
                    


<nav class="md-nav md-nav--primary" aria-label="Navigation" data-md-level="0">
  <label class="md-nav__title" for="__drawer">
    <a href=".." title="OSG Management Area" class="md-nav__button md-logo" aria-label="OSG Management Area" data-md-component="logo">
      
  
  <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M12 8a3 3 0 0 0 3-3 3 3 0 0 0-3-3 3 3 0 0 0-3 3 3 3 0 0 0 3 3m0 3.54C9.64 9.35 6.5 8 3 8v11c3.5 0 6.64 1.35 9 3.54 2.36-2.19 5.5-3.54 9-3.54V8c-3.5 0-6.64 1.35-9 3.54z"/></svg>

    </a>
    OSG Management Area
  </label>
  
    <div class="md-nav__source">
      
<a href="https://github.com/osg-htc/management/" title="Go to repository" class="md-source" data-md-component="source">
  <div class="md-source__icon md-icon">
    
    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 448 512"><path d="M439.55 236.05 244 40.45a28.87 28.87 0 0 0-40.81 0l-40.66 40.63 51.52 51.52c27.06-9.14 52.68 16.77 43.39 43.68l49.66 49.66c34.23-11.8 61.18 31 35.47 56.69-26.49 26.49-70.21-2.87-56-37.34L240.22 199v121.85c25.3 12.54 22.26 41.85 9.08 55a34.34 34.34 0 0 1-48.55 0c-17.57-17.6-11.07-46.91 11.25-56v-123c-20.8-8.51-24.6-30.74-18.64-45L142.57 101 8.45 235.14a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 0 40.81l195.61 195.6a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 40.8 0l194.69-194.69a28.86 28.86 0 0 0 0-40.81z"/></svg>
  </div>
  <div class="md-source__repository">
    GitHub
  </div>
</a>
    </div>
  
  <ul class="md-nav__list" data-md-scrollfix>
    
      
      
      

  
  
  
    <li class="md-nav__item">
      <a href=".." class="md-nav__link">
        Home
      </a>
    </li>
  

    
      
      
      

  
  
  
    <li class="md-nav__item">
      <a href="../staff-meeting/" class="md-nav__link">
        Staff Meeting
      </a>
    </li>
  

    
      
      
      

  
  
  
    <li class="md-nav__item">
      <a href="../area-coordinators/" class="md-nav__link">
        Area Coordinators
      </a>
    </li>
  

    
      
      
      

  
  
    
  
  
    <li class="md-nav__item md-nav__item--active">
      
      <input class="md-nav__toggle md-toggle" data-md-toggle="toc" type="checkbox" id="__toc">
      
        
      
      
        <label class="md-nav__link md-nav__link--active" for="__toc">
          AC Meeting Archive
          <span class="md-nav__icon md-icon"></span>
        </label>
      
      <a href="./" class="md-nav__link md-nav__link--active">
        AC Meeting Archive
      </a>
      
        
<nav class="md-nav md-nav--secondary" aria-label="Table of contents">
  
  
    
  
  
    <label class="md-nav__title" for="__toc">
      <span class="md-nav__icon md-icon"></span>
      Table of contents
    </label>
    <ul class="md-nav__list" data-md-component="toc" data-md-scrollfix>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2023" class="md-nav__link">
    2023
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2022" class="md-nav__link">
    2022
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2021" class="md-nav__link">
    2021
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2020" class="md-nav__link">
    2020
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2019" class="md-nav__link">
    2019
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2018" class="md-nav__link">
    2018
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2017" class="md-nav__link">
    2017
  </a>
  
</li>
      
    </ul>
  
</nav>
      
    </li>
  

    
      
      
      

  
  
  
    <li class="md-nav__item">
      <a href="../policies/" class="md-nav__link">
        Policies
      </a>
    </li>
  

    
  </ul>
</nav>
                  </div>
                </div>
              </div>
            
            
              
              <div class="md-sidebar md-sidebar--secondary" data-md-component="sidebar" data-md-type="toc" >
                <div class="md-sidebar__scrollwrap">
                  <div class="md-sidebar__inner">
                    
<nav class="md-nav md-nav--secondary" aria-label="Table of contents">
  
  
    
  
  
    <label class="md-nav__title" for="__toc">
      <span class="md-nav__icon md-icon"></span>
      Table of contents
    </label>
    <ul class="md-nav__list" data-md-component="toc" data-md-scrollfix>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2023" class="md-nav__link">
    2023
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2022" class="md-nav__link">
    2022
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2021" class="md-nav__link">
    2021
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2020" class="md-nav__link">
    2020
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2019" class="md-nav__link">
    2019
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2018" class="md-nav__link">
    2018
  </a>
  
</li>
      
        <li class="md-nav__item">
  <a href="#2017" class="md-nav__link">
    2017
  </a>
  
</li>
      
    </ul>
  
</nav>
                  </div>
                </div>
              </div>
            
          
          <div class="md-content" data-md-component="content">
            <article class="md-content__inner md-typeset">
              
                
                  <a href="https://github.com/osg-htc/management/edit/master/docs/ac-meeting-archive.md" title="Edit this page" class="md-content__button md-icon">
                    <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M20.71 7.04c.39-.39.39-1.04 0-1.41l-2.34-2.34c-.37-.39-1.02-.39-1.41 0l-1.84 1.83 3.75 3.75M3 17.25V21h3.75L17.81 9.93l-3.75-3.75L3 17.25z"/></svg>
                  </a>
                
                
                <h1 id="area-coordinator-meeting-archive">Area Coordinator Meeting Archive<a class="headerlink" href="#area-coordinator-meeting-archive" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h1>
<p>Meeting notes prior to 20 September 2017 were contained in the old OSG TWiki, which is no longer available.  If you need
earlier meeting notes, please contact <a href="mailto:cat@cs.wisc.edu">Tim Cartwright</a> and he can look for them in an archive.</p>
<h4 id="2023">2023<a class="headerlink" href="#2023" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h4>
<ul>
<li>2023-12-27 - Cancelled - Holiday</li>
<li>2023-12-20 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vj_KqHCpDV4o3vdtlV-UMarH4xdKkHVTg6DErd7rGbc/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost) - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Xos2AdtOdKbKoCIVI6JSc-2rS8NSK6CpcqDX1uiJrUI/">Notes</a></li>
<li>2023-12-13 - Special guest: James Clark on LIGO monitoring</li>
<li>2023-12-06 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B0dhbHPy_0bSquwUvlY84t_LYzBy2UhD/">Security</a> (Josh Drake)</li>
<li>2023-11-29 - All-Staff Town Hall (NAIRR) - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1JBo5NYIWMuYDn0VdmcJjvvbHO0CIeQphbx8TyXOD960/">Notes</a></li>
<li>2023-11-22 - Cancelled - Thanksgiving</li>
<li>2023-11-15 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman) - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1E_QF5yIjjYb6lNmCsum8xsJC8-tfKAW2/">Notes</a></li>
<li>2023-11-08 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1a-SEjsFG35AignfNThq9Ge-yK44fOX-H/">Production Support, update</a> (Ken Herner) - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1tVVrcocska-KUoF4h6ucqHVvDfNqmC5H9BXa1iubURA/">Notes</a></li>
<li>2023-11-01 - Cancelled (no Town Hall due to Pelican meeting)</li>
<li>2023-10-25 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1bWcyGFnMUQ6WG4H77taFLP6vum6ci0V1MXLCXq8_89I">Software, topical</a> (Brian Lin) - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yGVP6QcIJV2v_FbfF8pC5wkuvObZoTJ4WeLArEUH0c8/">Notes</a></li>
<li>2023-10-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13nSM8gVrQ-30GIB82bQSpPDZqDiZwxVuWNOCljd0rpQ/">Release, topical</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2023-10-11 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-10-04 - All-Staff Town Hall (NSF CC* PI meeting)</li>
<li>2023-09-27 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-09-20 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ThCUgWPvio3DFVwJAW9xIqQGqN6wyOaNgT4voWodlKc/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2023-09-13 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1vWrXePaMu1UVPQdr1JfRORVNW2ciwj0d6cBMludkv_c/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2023-09-06 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_NHzchSqLy_OHt6oxnxL2plWeEMycEAXlyLi73FRMpo/">Research Facilitation</a> (Christina Koch)</li>
<li>2023-08-30 - All-Staff Town Hall (Factory and CE)</li>
<li>2023-08-23 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14z4FcGvfNORumi-5wMHkjyFzx7A4xPAkTHvVjaDoL64/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2023-08-16 - Security (Brian Chase)</li>
<li>2023-08-09 - Cancelled - OSG School</li>
<li>2023-08-02 - Cancelled (no Town Hall due to PATh report)</li>
<li>2023-07-26 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2023-07-19 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cvPfqxU0UHGMpmzRTHTL9LNA1igJGel7/">HTCSS</a> (Todd Tannenbaum)</li>
<li>2023-07-12 - Cancelled due to <a href="https://agenda.hep.wisc.edu/event/2014/">HTC23</a></li>
<li>2023-07-05 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-06-28 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1GfBW_JHPPK9T4_NoOh56rr8yAbyubraxUIavH1vVTo0">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2023-06-21 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mJtXbJHZbrqajFlmC9teRtyKwyFMdiXH/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2023-06-14 - Global Infrastructure Lab (<a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11MW6JwOLgqettzwqpa3CnTpA-Uqfr2Tu/">Igor Sfiligoi</a> and <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1t_Tfy8fpkqLy73Ane_1EEdQBOpAbbZkUe7Z8oMVBGlA/">Fabio Andrijauskas</a>)</li>
<li>2023-06-07 - All-Staff Town Hall (review debrief and awards in general)</li>
<li>2023-05-31 - PATh review discussion (select staff)</li>
<li>2023-05-24 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1B7wnhiJ5CdwBFQOUTu8JyQWWdlr65YS38nui3SzmKgU/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2023-05-17 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-05-10 - Cancelled (no Town Hall due to travel)</li>
<li>2023-05-03 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-04-26 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R2_zaDwadwnkOy6WRYPCo5TnKULHVewPXCGUerbQuCg/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2023-04-19 - Cancelled (All-Staff Town Hall)</li>
<li>2023-04-12 - Introduction to CVMFS (Derek Weitzel)</li>
<li>2023-04-05 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1XFuDaikLm996lhWTOw_5OXQgrOqKBEYVOHQbDO9TrX0/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2023-03-29 - All-Staff Town Hall (Facilitation practices)</li>
<li>2023-03-22 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J7aXa0n1hHSC-5WvutsvSYg_eUwPqX_aFVExTbOH16I">Facilitation Services</a> (Christina Koch)</li>
<li>2023-03-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1o2IUlIeKAgnLYL0DjyKhGHK-pJBFD-Io-hPIhEOBDEs/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2023-03-08 - All-Staff Town Hall (PATh accomplishments and goals)</li>
<li>2023-03-01 - All-Staff Town Hall (PATh accomplishments and goals)</li>
<li>2023-02-22 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ay87Um7mtnylpDp-EAyIh3h_WHPKuO9w/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2023-02-15 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2023-02-08 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WnpqQNenNDI8yopmwAfnIbVOcy9LOOPb/">Security</a> (Josh Drake)</li>
<li>2023-02-01 - All-Staff Town Hall (OSDF overview and namespaces)</li>
<li>2023-01-25 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1R3JDYZNKNkMzBhHpj4OejzYXhHvA1nLj/">HTCSS</a> (Todd Tannenbaum)</li>
<li>2023-01-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1KfaVc7NWJ9WpWT4DVuZNV81wAOpdBKcx0R4AJgMmHXU/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2023-01-11 - Cancelled due to in-person meetings</li>
<li>2023-01-04 - All-Staff Town Hall (our relationship with the NSF CC* program)</li>
</ul>
<h4 id="2022">2022<a class="headerlink" href="#2022" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h4>
<ul>
<li>2022-12-28 - Cancelled due to holidays</li>
<li>2022-12-21 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JT7eks7k7Pkbva5lP-6H055XP1MGtahY">Global Infrastructure Lab</a> (Igor Sfiligoi)</li>
<li>2022-12-14 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1MtDp3BkquscEAyikE4IrOITokLTCF78jioL-gppnVBc/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2022-11-30 - All-Staff Town Hall</li>
<li>2022-11-23 - Cancelled due to the Thanksgiving holiday</li>
<li>2022-11-16 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12whownn2Jopo6kc9KMoBDlXrf4SArDALH8l_1-3kIcs/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2022-11-09 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gU8eecjOj34P6idZVL19gJMdPiDEwtX2wDE8MtfIOGw/">Research Facilitation</a> (Christina Koch)</li>
<li>2022-11-02 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-j2PwVfNa0MtdBm2DqrN68xD_jD8ej252AKiZAigG8g/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2022-10-26 - All-Staff Town Hall (Lessons learned in 2 years of PATh)</li>
<li>2022-10-19 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1REf6QXYyObGvMkt_QeA5BNMmv70U8YIjF1gPCfNfLu8/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2022-10-12 - Cancelled due to the Autumn 2022 European HTCondor Workshop</li>
<li>2022-10-05 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hJjt8Fq2tFDhWV-F-5NS_XJss6KqVQQ3/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner) (meeting run by Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2022-09-28 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2022-09-21 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BBM_SdViHHByPE1FOtMmhIezCgL895wr/">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2022-09-14 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1b3VQu5cTIqCT-jwtQ_WuzSIdttALOicm/">HTCSS</a> (Todd Tannenbaum)</li>
<li>2022-09-07 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/10Lj5SrJ8v7BBsJTujdDZBe_FGglrgXAJ/view?usp=sharing">Security</a> (Josh Drake)</li>
<li>2022-08-31 - All-Staff Town Hall (communicating our value proposition)</li>
<li>2022-08-24 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/11DK-uIZZgb1tYIbyy812thGC9I7igu3dacjWUp1k_yU">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2022-08-17 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HAVGra36pDSZHSX4JYhUzNlANMhEM8FY">Infrastructure Lab</a> (Igor Sfiligoi)</li>
<li>2022-08-10 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13NVZEHXxhBg5wwxTfw0VgFj5q5HU6whtCvt9oKJMVbU/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2022-08-03 - All-Staff Town Hall</li>
<li>2022-07-27 - Cancelled due to <a href="https://osg-htc.org/user-school-2022/">OSG User School 2022</a></li>
<li>2022-07-20 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2022-07-13 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1LxLAf8k438mSdgdd7OrMQMattKEaGnTT3J50lLvOLlI/">Research Facilitation</a> (Christina Koch)</li>
<li>2022-07-06 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2022-06-29 - Cancelled (All-Staff Town Hall)</li>
<li>2022-06-22 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Q1Oqap5SimUWlfalQyPlfQzDQMBQVTm1jrGxFrpYars/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2022-06-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19Bt47Dl2ryDCpNVoPcDtQQCUoNRgeUuLcQ6b09wnXXQ/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2022-06-08 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1HoB2h7I-jT-YRsaxxBIcShyGMafHtknx/">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2022-06-01 - All-Staff Town Hall (CC* and OSDF)</li>
<li>2022-05-25 - Cancelled due to HTCondor Week 2022</li>
<li>2022-05-18 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2022-05-11 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SrC9_DKz1u6z3_PmMc1QctVT630e8cbhngwfG-pZA6Y/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2022-05-04 - All-Staff Town Hall (PATh Facility)</li>
<li>2022-04-27 - Discussions: HTCondor architecture and OSG GlideinWMS pilots</li>
<li>2022-04-20 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1l7KAbJnAJQi9mxyM_ThDtoCiTrS9TFyl/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2022-04-13 - HTCSS (Todd Tannenbaum)</li>
<li>2022-04-06 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein, AHM feedback and security exercise results)</li>
<li>2022-03-30 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1NiyQYD3PPm5QN5430U3i3HawJspVLtyd/">Security</a> (Josh Drake)</li>
<li>2022-03-23 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1aDX5NayEpOkVwM5SprhWIhoiP5XG7AeZ6wiXdtzx1Js/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2022-03-16 - Cancelled due to <a href="https://osg-htc.org/all-hands/2022/">OSG All-Hands Meeting 2022</a></li>
<li>2022-03-09 - All-Staff Town Hall</li>
<li>2022-03-02 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Zxr66x3p4q3gC4jFAUM5AzH6P4Z5-tqmjzpIooAuTBk">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2022-02-23 - Infrastructure Lab (<a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1c4AVSscGoPSHEJvTNMVYhRyT4QamM1Lr/">Igor Sfiligoi</a> and <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lw0AnaJb-zjWT2r307DZNmBcL786Vk0l/">Fabio Andrijauskas</a>)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2022-02-16 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W9lPX7DVzmIrJ3Gc381FCwaWfX9VBrhV4Ld2dtXa6sc/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost) + All-Staff: Security Incident Training (<a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZhdF4qqZ99Fnq5jmIUJtvGIkwmer4jbC/">slides</a> and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hnOMEhAYDyrK31rijCVr-4Q5Q_PQkR0E/">video</a>; Brian Chase)</li>
<li>2022-02-09 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein: OSG-AHM and COVID; Miron Livny: on-boarding)</li>
<li>2022-02-02 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ViQNXGiZQ0gjN6YDlk1f3CR1NieF6qBgpgeQr2cDK3k/">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2022-01-26 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2022-01-19 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1ls4mxx5YgHAPAqGPt2sXNjVYPRz-mRgRXxhA06vVND0">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2022-01-12 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein, requirements for joining OSCF/OSDF)</li>
<li>2022-01-05 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1eJHu2FflMWZqCgKCbVVRXgK0RF8aiUEU/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
</ul>
<h4 id="2021">2021<a class="headerlink" href="#2021" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h4>
<ul>
<li>2021-12-29 - Cancelled due to holidays</li>
<li>2021-12-22 - Cancelled due to holidays</li>
<li>2021-12-15 - All-Staff Town Hall (Frank Würthwein, Discussion of classifying unused resources on OSG)</li>
<li>2021-12-08 - HTCSS (Todd Tannenbaum)</li>
<li>2021-12-01 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-11-24 - Cancelled due to Thanksgiving</li>
<li>2021-11-17 - Town Hall: Miron Livny on culture</li>
<li>2021-11-10 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1F9ON0wKbF7C7Ued9JrNlevv4oOQryz9Xev40pM4zAXU/">Security</a> (Josh Drake)</li>
<li>2021-11-03 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1BYjf37QDALy7FM5KFY-Ay1MuUzt1raPO5q0AtwT2pyc/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2021-10-27 - All-Staff Town Hall</li>
<li>2021-10-20 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1sqq28b4yvx5-I-RP4guC6ZDGiZLZKBbXHHBqs2KWqSQ/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen) &ndash; discussion: runtime environment(s)</li>
<li>2021-10-13 - Discussion: customer service</li>
<li>2021-10-06 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rsjT5giw-6kr1YNI1TcTBw6kpzQVNmp8">Infrastructure Lab</a> (Igor Sfiligoi)</li>
<li>2021-09-29 - All-Staff Town Hall (Miron Livny)</li>
<li>2021-09-22 - Cancelled - HTCondor Week Europe 2021, etc.</li>
<li>2021-09-15 - Regular meeting: <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_3322DTA56kej_7JMPXAKKAT5oegoe40/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<p>Prior to 15 Sep 2021, the meeting used an older format.</p>
<ul>
<li>2021-09-08 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-09-01 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-08-25 - Town hall meeting: PATh discussion</li>
<li>2021-08-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13c_KjeLp0OhZY8-7oRoIUowudWtbU9zMRauMDCMis2A/">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2021-08-11 - Cancelled (OSG Virtual School 2021)</li>
<li>2021-08-04 - Cancelled (OSG Virtual School 2021)</li>
<li>2021-07-28 - Cancelled (OSG Virtual School prep)</li>
<li>2021-07-21 - Cancelled (PEARC21 + OSG Virtual School prep)</li>
<li>2021-07-14 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-07-07 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-06-30 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1axVUpJLkeG6auEkoTfdEsllYMhEFKqfGW561EufEr_k/edit#slide=id.p1">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2021-06-23 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1cPhXM_izM6ZkrdX9y4TKjavcFoeh-aTVDVeugmJW6OE/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2021-06-16 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1q1VxDxXeIbC0vjOxnomh9KUu7F8B3KwF-0InmrTHOks/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2021-06-09 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-06-02 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2021-05-26 - Cancelled due to <a href="https://agenda.hep.wisc.edu/event/1579/">HTCondor Week</a></li>
<li>2021-05-19 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i_uWrf3XzYYOogvFpWCCcf4zeYuvbRz9OIEDoPCmRoQ/">Release</a> and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1rPUMHETvp837SvAXPqXDsBTBls-3k_bb/">Security</a> (Tim Theisen and Mike Stanfield)</li>
<li>2021-05-12 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XXswaN3LQ_U-MNVaNvStsZ4MHXRl8doe/">Global Infrastructure Lab</a> (Igor Sfiligoi)</li>
<li>2021-05-05 - Cancelled</li>
<li>2021-04-28 - Cancelled due to IRIS-HEP meetings</li>
<li>2021-04-21 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dNjZbaQ4bER782Pa4aJHil-NPQKxfx9BW1bylGh0GbU">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2021-04-14 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1B5tCfNHgd3FhQ6mwhwW7GcQl42F17gJq/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2021-03-31 - Special topic: OSG Slack workspace</li>
<li>2021-03-24 - Special topic: AHM debrief</li>
<li>2021-03-17 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/13YUTx3w2U2c4kouNbGLvZRChMjlXJHahfTAqV4Sg9jg/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2021-03-10 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1E1pGoYIYbb1BnXx501i3fvAHW0q9PC163uDXFh5SNZo/">Researcher Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
</ul>
<p>Meetings earlier than 2021-03-10 were the called “OSG Area Coordinators meeting”, although staff were invited.</p>
<ul>
<li>2021-03-03 - Cancelled due to <a href="https://osg-htc.org/all-hands/2021/">OSG All-Hands Meeting 2021</a></li>
<li>2021-02-24 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TG5AOK548F3Z_Uh1ue5DnJJeQ_I3mjYgoktwmtGAyY8/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2021-02-17 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2021-02-10 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1txOVEiFsCXC9lZXlVsknCfiep9vzMsDIVfknxyyoq_o/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2021-02-03 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dh6cAqPL5s_ppcGAZ7KuyobK26yUBLy2y9lGQ4EH_nU/">Release</a> and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tcSMbat-jJVTMOkUCVkGMVKFUngw9kXm/">Security</a> (Tim Theisen and Mike Stanfield)</li>
<li>2021-01-27 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hHrDY6LdB-oU8aimIeyJwPaF6uDmUEVl/">Global Infrastructure Lab</a> (Frank Würthwein)</li>
<li>2021-01-20 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-QCXvcUc-cshTdM92a_rzaUg_NYEtGuk/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2021-01-13 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/15Sbe7LgwCxPVG9gzKFJAyT8OQqrOInhPwiaiEzIzHUU/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2021-01-06 - Special topic: <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FG_UJLpmhKfTcrIBZSdfwWWI2mKbl6VGgZNRg7Yu3-0/">SLATE federated operations security policy</a></li>
</ul>
<h4 id="2020">2020<a class="headerlink" href="#2020" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h4>
<ul>
<li>2020-12-30 - Canceled due to holidays</li>
<li>2020-12-23 - Canceled due to holidays</li>
<li>2020-12-16 - Special topic: Jira demo/mini-tutorial + Q&amp;A</li>
<li>2020-12-09 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1_hDoRGRvs4Ja4M_mM1uAvtjxMeCNZPF3QKmBxPR4mFA">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2020-12-02 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1TfDQBeQKXcHwyxi714GKB611g3t8U0uH/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2020-11-25 - Canceled due to Thanskgiving</li>
<li>2020-11-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1uD6bjIC3mEv_KVOKB5Oo7MOSKhXIJ5j4xUj3HnZtOdw/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2020-11-11 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-11-04 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gv0kucFJoVisZDeS6VMmzJ9g5fq1RM-r/">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2020-10-28 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-5EU59il1zQjixY0H7tEBxamgl0Bk_D9">Security</a> (Mike Stanfield) and <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1jEaEUgohCwe4_7Hy-erZG7K3DgWfkWaIs3mgORFQ1SE">Release</a> (Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2020-10-21 - Special Topic: Freshdesk in OSG and PATh</li>
<li>2020-10-14 - Special Topic: Freshdesk in OSG and PATh</li>
<li>2020-10-07 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wzwunqiV3elXu2zME3x3PhEZ71EMH6rw/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2020-09-30 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1dhsx4nP0spzOFrVM_Q7RsG1b0vOqm486iSGHi-ZhzXg/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2020-09-23 - Canceled due to <a href="https://indico.cern.ch/event/936993/">HTCondor Workshop Autumn 2020</a></li>
<li>2020-09-16 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xAMSSyDiftGZPIvDdQu4w4kybG-RGR00/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2020-09-09 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-09-02 - Canceled due to OSG All-Hands Meeting</li>
<li>2020-08-26 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-08-19 - Canceled</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2020-08-12 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19u9sbbt3d-cPlGPh_OtNXQFjnPivxGMnaisvgJ3V53U/">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2020-08-05 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yO2_KZGzBGbZrb03KM3SYCb9cJRMx6Ly/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2020-07-29 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1O9UBzS7OIwtDseTIIoSM_d4yHZd7LG-x/">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2020-07-22 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1O9XjZJHEEAadtbt_FILfqFFLUYiVWQsp4FJCXfMPpZA">Release</a> (Tim Theisen) and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wsRXKIzB88P1Z5CeYTu1NU9exszAfMbn/">Security</a> (Mike Stanfield)</li>
<li>2020-07-15 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-07-08 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1J9IWf0UYRqZ6TVPEusNuwPlT9TlwvNkHUKcmmhEWnuU/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2020-07-01 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MMzNrBYxjLfeJQ2yvaHEg4L-g-6s_7NP/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2020-06-24 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1mEz1G9VofLViPlqIHzy15ey6EHck_b2pampDSUNV-wI/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2020-06-17 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1jtCYd7Kh4omqZwHpFJB5cFQhhwgq1uOG/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2020-06-10 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-06-03 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-05-27 - Canceled due to IRIS-HEP Retreat</li>
<li>2020-05-20 - Canceled due to HTCondor Week</li>
<li>2020-05-13 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-05-06 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1HyA3TdhXpU7vdNLwNQsfWTR69CGUBXjhq0LyR0mPp2U/">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2020-04-29 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1WOpryWHicHaFy8MTqtNiT6siZ8jaRtUmvCa4P5dJdhw">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2020-04-22 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=11Mz1ogYT0MO7lwqXu6FHi2aQ3LCmNbEQ">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2020-04-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1qH_tDi1m-vvBsSYUSRrCEdjczmKZKhTNp_LPt6xFIhI">Release</a> (Tim Theisen) and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1QrO91B6tG4MS8nbsGLs3RVT3_qqBVhSE">Security</a> (Mike Stanfield)</li>
<li>2020-04-08 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ScNC7xCKQnZmf5YIL2plGKfsgACt3RLb">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2020-04-01 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1JRm6ekkqoWkrcU-XCjh9jq62KoI5MCBKKK3l3BiK4e4/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2020-03-25 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1zFpW5GUSQEZp9Ve9wdpC8lhSQSZv8yiFUTRXtJ5k9gE/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2020-03-18 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_FcWl7nnBdGaULCoYlSEUP36fS44gOwH">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2020-03-11 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-03-04 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1lJGyjD6-xd2nGJeHDfl1nntW0GurjO74988SbUT4CK4">Accounting Task Force</a> (Marian Zvada)</li>
<li>2020-02-26 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-02-19 - Canceled</li>
<li>2020-02-12 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/14seJrv-9wmnTBvnNGAQydQJQ7Rl2WFXXjDh7k-Rlx-0/">Research Facilitation</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2020-02-05 - Special Topic: OSG-LHC Metrics</li>
<li>2020-01-29 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=11cIPmPHTuqwcUYf-JXJgN9yAUo48G7-9">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2020-01-22 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=11iP-1IGr9E1ThuxnXrHwuzXCqS0m8Pc3">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2020-01-15 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=12y3LEDvtOvUY3v3keyAlzyLt4IZVWXWj">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2020-01-08 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1awWoMK9dx1fglhhAwOg1X_-_7UQ8WWsHuSItDm50wwY/">Release</a> and <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1XaqNi9rbQokQlyVEdsCYs51B_VqiUWxC/">Security</a> (Tim Theisen and Mike Stanfield)</li>
<li>2020-01-01 - Canceled due to holiday</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2019">2019<a class="headerlink" href="#2019" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h2>
<ul>
<li>2019-12-25 - Canceled due to holiday</li>
<li>2019-12-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1-bFH_r0XYPh48iC4u4Z77pDCdyKxcdhkeVtA96eWBIg/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2019-12-11 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/125dJS8BPYOJKHAi5Bmn0I0Z4X9nGe2Wjuq09Z9zY0I8/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2019-12-04 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1w2LpYWHNl8JW2lYPbRhuld2AUkPP0DCx">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2019-11-27 - Canceled due to Thanksgiving</li>
<li>2019-11-20 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-11-13 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-11-06 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-10-30 - Canceled due to proposal work</li>
<li>2019-10-23 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1_F3GvIAcBzdZtKMJgG2AeTSzDWSB7c3k">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2019-10-16 - Collaboration Support (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2019-10-09 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-10-02 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=15YfXt5Cna7exVagptWQuSwEXCEjhmgit">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2019-09-25 - Canceled due to numerous conflicting meetings</li>
<li>2019-09-18 - Special Topic: Science projects in OSG</li>
<li>2019-09-11 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1TqnRfIj2_Q2xea8Xey1j0cSbgnzfP8CBxtBjEUsW4Y8/">Release</a> and Security (Tim Theisen and Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2019-09-04 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12N0ULJkexN7zFJSO7SK1W6pMTzw6b8jh4IrAd8PPI4o/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2019-08-28 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/10QIGXYSVPPKM5b2R3DnLDjZgSNRrQJe_FW594QiWTQk/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2019-08-21 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Dsqb1GngCZXAjqelqg3PLM_LUy2cAsVP">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2019-08-14 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-08-07 - Special Topic: OSG policies (no slides)</li>
<li>2019-07-31 - Special Topic: <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Oo4IssLtUqOYoILr0jAbJnnA4Ic5a59Q">XCache monitoring</a></li>
<li>2019-07-24 - Special Topic: <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hcDJHShLxgPyDIKUwEw8VeQcZUuaPIz30WITkJv9188/">Accounting Taskforce</a> (Marian Zvada)</li>
<li>2019-07-17 - Canceled due to the OSG User School</li>
<li>2019-07-10 - Canceled</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2019-07-03 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1H4U66tWPQNJU-PXaRCezFPZi_MQ5lFXQ3Au3RjFUh6A/">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2019-06-26 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1VtP0wgJOQ1Ac0z1NWtPqPGemAlbzUI-TKimhKkN6Iag/">Research Facilitation</a>; <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mELrC-NsalI99La5a5c8q8JyZ46A_AYiTZ8DVq9BTd0/">Quilt/CC* Training Prep</a> (Lauren Michael)</li>
<li>2019-06-19 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1pEAkv3-Xdm8mPVKNlAz0LhbW0voO1bBY">Networking</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2019-06-12 - Special Topic: OSG Accounting (Frank W&uuml;rthwein)</li>
<li>2019-06-05 - Security and <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hNj_aSnUegR1W6oVLsLUEymhLAPbBTTH0w-awYcVxN0/">Release</a> (Susan Sons and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2019-05-29 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ES4O_9REyxiLv37KXRLFzQPnp1jYat8Y">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2019-05-22 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-05-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hyZz9YKQF3bf6gSS3iRkDzsyQI77JbZPvVNQ4p4bhjo/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2019-05-08 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wO9aNLzepIrU_rFfbc7W5DHFVtq3BKY8bxHsxmiBo_w/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2019-05-01 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=133V5e47FeNkWUk7tt3lrc5kyWrTWM-my">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2019-04-24 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Y5OT90IbBKe3r7NThmG5HPksnGJYWdpx">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2019-04-17 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cXzboQl6U0Fu0QJmvpSxskJaRxph3AIC97aTVgUC0fA/">Release</a> (Tim Theisen) and <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1K9y_xkQCvq5PHjOMhgWAnl2GJQyb4kKhXBxqYff1yHE/">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2019-04-10 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-04-03 - Security (Zalak Shah)</li>
<li>2019-03-27 - Research Facilitation (<a href="https://indico.cern.ch/event/759388/contributions/3353298/attachments/1814353/2964748/osgahm19-20190319-am13-michael-a.pdf">slides</a>,
  <a href="https://indico.cern.ch/event/759388/contributions/3353315/attachments/1815552/2967121/osgahm19-20190320-pm21-michael-a.pdf">slides</a>) (Lauren Michael) and
  <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1oxAmpY6AqAN6pQsBWzuSMuTWT3lQtYPF/view?usp=sharing">Collaboration Support</a> (Pascal Paschos)</li>
<li>2019-03-20 - Canceled due to the OSG All-Hands Meeting</li>
<li>2019-03-13 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1t5XZ6w50dr1bkA32NiIUUUSTk5dGiWmq/">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner) and Allocable Services (Frank Würthwein)</li>
<li>2019-03-06 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wcsWTunBXIzHA2rcBnoorEXvADEhk5shDd01q1tcmDE/">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2019-02-27 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-02-20 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dDvjhCOERBvlzCP2KkV0HI4iJR_iVrFtZ5A7ZPyRJ4w/">Software</a> (Brian Lin)</li>
<li>2019-02-13 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-02-06 - Special Topic: OSG All-Hands Meeting content</li>
<li>2019-01-30 - Special Topic: OSG Management methods</li>
<li>2019-01-23 - Special Topic: Ticketing systems in OSG</li>
<li>2019-01-16 - Special Topic: Ways to deal with groups of people (researcher users)</li>
<li>2019-01-09 - Canceled</li>
<li>2019-01-02 - Canceled</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2018">2018<a class="headerlink" href="#2018" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h2>
<ul>
<li>2018-12-26 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-12-19 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1M8STaL58uUSQgkMIQFtcENBgeMFS0rKU/">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2018-12-12 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZbyytpsBefyg_VObPaSy64ulmsJmZZOvnz1niQYQkM/">Security</a> (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2018-12-05 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WIhtOvYgdadXTssv-droZRWhvaPjXGud/view">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2018-11-28 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1EpseXAfn4tgxFLNlwR3bWKIML2Z54TUCOxrkV0rlsy0/edit?usp=sharing">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2018-11-21 - Canceled due to Thanksgiving</li>
<li>2018-11-14 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-11-07 - Canceled due to OSG Planning Retreat</li>
<li>2018-10-31 - Canceled due to IRIS-HEP Kickoff meeting</li>
<li>2018-10-24 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wiTMthjYJTKWqr7TmsLUrQ6JikSVaQFU/view">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2018-10-17 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-10-10 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1nT7Got0Kx4v0WsF7KL354PrFiiXnijmB8XerAORrHdI">Software and Release</a> (Mat Selmeci and Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2018-10-03 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=15HeGdM6SuxxjRwALWyhMCIZsw0N1hO63">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2018-09-26 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=19HzdJXpaZe6ERQlVTyaVt4PaBUxPIoCH">Security</a> (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2018-09-19 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1ve9NvQxX26Kv7uVOjcK_Q0yOX6wIpvgQ">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2018-09-12 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1TRm_wYuwjYy4v4Jord8UJ05FkkVuuXL7k5KZYdBmLHo/edit?usp=sharing">Operations</a> (Jeff Dost)</li>
<li>2018-09-05 - User and Campus Support (Suchandra Thapa)</li>
<li>2018-08-29 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-08-22 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1dBrnZPxGxQCjvsPZldfr9CYXvQKlXqa6">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2018-08-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1WtFgyym3s_APX3P7xzNnwZ8RrfDvuD7QGbaXiqVvUyk/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a> (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2018-08-08 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/16jJstzegvnQqh-4zoJI-GsnBT6jguToT/view?usp=sharing">Security</a> (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2018-08-01 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1L6ZWEbnE_gzi8upraXG7-HBsZ3mV6Ksm">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2018-07-25 - User and Campus Support (Suchandra Thapa)</li>
<li>2018-07-18 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ehh_1uWpjxxVhvEU3feMr9aTzFgsWoWJ/view">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2018-07-11 - Canceled due to OSG User School</li>
<li>2018-07-04 - Canceled due to Independence Day</li>
<li>2018-06-27 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-06-20 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-06-13 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Ut9I4XIW-OlNC3gRsv2wj2ne_HIr9vOA">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2018-06-06 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flgOBN2IJ4j8FzftE4Za6tGD5JSp-XpErdrYj8OEYLk/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a> (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2018-05-30 - Operations Wrap-Up and Sign-Off (Rob Quick)</li>
<li>2018-05-23 - Canceled due to HTCondor Week</li>
<li>2018-05-16 - Canceled due to HEPiX</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2018-05-09 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1WJ0cu3a-Ni0jiWnjTDnUC7T90URzNuCy-saORd93NmI/edit?usp=sharing">User and Campus Support</a> (Rob Gardner)</li>
<li>2018-05-02 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vwacMzpxI6U1LEt6yJgdY6X04to9fnPo/view">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2018-04-25 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2018-04-18 - Technology Investigations (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2018-04-11 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nFGASJubvOVkGmfjVoryRImQTXjcnHtn/view">Network Monitoring</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2018-04-04 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/16ENmHa2IUwCxXOZ7tddPF3D4nxJjcCgkRA7pv7Z2SvU/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a> (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2018-03-28 - Canceled due to Spring Break, etc.</li>
<li>2018-03-21 - Canceled due to AHM</li>
<li>2018-03-14 - Future of OSG (Frank Würthwein)</li>
<li>2018-03-07 - Canceled</li>
<li>2018-02-28 - <a href="https://github.com/opensciencegrid/operations/blob/master/docs/ac-27-2-2018.md">Outreach and Operations</a> (Kyle Gross and Scott Teige)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2018-02-21 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1xMoqFaoRMPzWsQ4X9PaGEEU_OeuYDhlMxv9NoVcgm8s/edit">User and Campus Support</a> (Rob Gardner)</li>
<li>2018-02-14 - <a href="https://slides.com/hedgemage/osg-ac-14feb2018">Security</a> (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2018-02-07 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=17jk7qv7HBDzQQr0EFZ63irH4vNaenBu9">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2018-01-31 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=12vTI4aP2tMctlKUk6YatduqOMWmzNSm5">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2018-01-24 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-9aGA1a8Ygu-jR5ojj556ntLwP7n6ufjI_H3Cw-krv8/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a> (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2018-01-17 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1Vz99vppmMCRKVj9xupWRNVOxdlBAjRU7">Networking</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2018-01-10 - <a href="https://github.com/opensciencegrid/operations/blob/master/docs/acops-10-Jan-2018.md">Outreach and Operations</a> (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)</li>
<li>2018-01-03 - Canceled due to getting back from holidays</li>
</ul>
<h2 id="2017">2017<a class="headerlink" href="#2017" title="Permanent link">&para;</a></h2>
<ul>
<li>2017-12-27 - Canceled due to Christmas</li>
<li>2017-12-20 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1SgSDXxDu93WGEgHba9L3NQ0J_3fiWpsncU0r988jyYc/view">User and Campus Support</a> (Rob Gardner)</li>
<li>2017-12-13 - <a href="http://slides.com/hedgemage/osg-ac-13dec2017">Security</a> (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-12-06 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-PgmJ8XwghMtE730ucJn9NVFTST6ioF3/view?usp=sharing">Technology Investigations</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-11-29 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1D7bE2xZOTRKW61j2rc-itx7M9vpoWhY7">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2017-11-22 - Canceled due to Thanksgiving</li>
<li>2017-11-15 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RicLGqMfOzBvds6VbKaIPFzFsk45w2U8zKjISJ4q_EE/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a> (Brian Lin, Mat Selmeci, and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-11-08 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1joJSmTvoJL0GuMBvDB5KLlc-WEyH3VXp">Networking</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-11-01 - <a href="https://github.com/opensciencegrid/operations/blob/master/docs/acops.md">Outreach and Operations</a> (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-10-25 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0BzjiUtV-7HOrZ2ZTTUN4eXFnS0E">Production Support</a> (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2017-10-18 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/197X_9zF4iKyhyIwD2YVgc-PIm8oKVb74wo7nbJnlY8o/view?usp=sharing">User and Campus Support</a> (Benedikt Riedel)</li>
<li>2017-10-11 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/0B63jqzjmiVgcV1dBQy1GdzlIazg/view?usp=sharing">Networking</a> (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-10-04 - Canceled due to <a href="https://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=14824">OSG Council meeting</a></li>
<li>2017-09-27 - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NmIpykDswfYoQ72wumwO60RXLBIeAEbIZH8nq8zSXGA/edit?usp=sharing">Software and Release</a>
  (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-09-20 - <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B-VLYsFOFY5ROHZwLWU3eFJvMWM">Technology</a> (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-09-13 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-09-06 - Outreach and Operations (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-08-30 - User Support and Campus Grids (Emelie Harstad)</li>
<li>2017-08-23 - Production Support (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2017-08-16 - Networking (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-08-09 - Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-08-02 - Technology (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-07-26 - Canceled due to OSG planning retreat</li>
<li>2017-07-19 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-07-12 - Canceled due to PEARC17</li>
<li>2017-07-05 - Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-06-28 - User Support and Campus Grids (Mats Rynge)</li>
<li>2017-06-21 - Technology (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-06-14 - Networking (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-06-07 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-05-31 - Production Support (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2017-05-24 - Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-05-17 - Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Scott Teige)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-05-10 - Technology (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-05-03 - Canceled due to HTCondor Week 2017</li>
<li>2017-04-26 - Canceled</li>
<li>2017-04-19 - Networking (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-04-12 - User Support and Campus Grids (Bala Desinghu)</li>
<li>2017-04-05 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-03-29 - Production Support (Ken Herner)</li>
<li>2017-03-22 - Software and Release (Brian Lin and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-03-15 - Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Scott Teige)</li>
<li>2017-03-08 - Canceled due to OSG All Hands Meeting</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-03-01 - Technology (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-02-22 - Networking (Shawn McKee)</li>
<li>2017-02-15 - Security (Susan Sons)</li>
<li>2017-02-08 - User Support and Campus Grids (Rob Gardner)</li>
<li>2017-02-01 - Communication and Operations (Kyle Gross and Rob Quick)</li>
<li>2017-01-25 - Software and Release (Tim Cartwright and Tim Theisen)</li>
<li>2017-01-18 - Production Support (Ken Herner)</li>
</ul>
<div style="height: 0.5ex"></div>

<ul>
<li>2017-01-11 - Technology (Brian Bockelman)</li>
<li>2017-01-04 - Networking (Shawn McKee)</li>
</ul>
                
              
              
                


              
            </article>
          </div>
        </div>
        
      </main>
      
        
<footer class="md-footer">
  
    <nav class="md-footer__inner md-grid" aria-label="Footer">
      
        <a href="../area-coordinators/" class="md-footer__link md-footer__link--prev" rel="prev">
          <div class="md-footer__button md-icon">
            <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M20 11v2H8l5.5 5.5-1.42 1.42L4.16 12l7.92-7.92L13.5 5.5 8 11h12z"/></svg>
          </div>
          <div class="md-footer__title">
            <div class="md-ellipsis">
              <span class="md-footer__direction">
                Previous
              </span>
              Area Coordinators
            </div>
          </div>
        </a>
      
      
        <a href="../policies/" class="md-footer__link md-footer__link--next" rel="next">
          <div class="md-footer__title">
            <div class="md-ellipsis">
              <span class="md-footer__direction">
                Next
              </span>
              Policies
            </div>
          </div>
          <div class="md-footer__button md-icon">
            <svg xmlns="http://www.w3.org/2000/svg" viewBox="0 0 24 24"><path d="M4 11v2h12l-5.5 5.5 1.42 1.42L19.84 12l-7.92-7.92L10.5 5.5 16 11H4z"/></svg>
          </div>
        </a>
      
    </nav>
  
  <div class="md-footer-meta md-typeset">
    <div class="md-footer-meta__inner md-grid">
      <div class="md-footer-copyright">
        
        Made with
        <a href="https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/" target="_blank" rel="noopener">
          Material for MkDocs
        </a>
        
      </div>
      
    </div>
  </div>
</footer>
      
    </div>
    <div class="md-dialog" data-md-component="dialog">
      <div class="md-dialog__inner md-typeset"></div>
    </div>
    <script id="__config" type="application/json">{"base": "..", "features": [], "translations": {"clipboard.copy": "Copy to clipboard", "clipboard.copied": "Copied to clipboard", "search.config.lang": "en", "search.config.pipeline": "trimmer, stopWordFilter", "search.config.separator": "[\\s\\-]+", "search.placeholder": "Search", "search.result.placeholder": "Type to start searching", "search.result.none": "No matching documents", "search.result.one": "1 matching document", "search.result.other": "# matching documents", "search.result.more.one": "1 more on this page", "search.result.more.other": "# more on this page", "search.result.term.missing": "Missing"}, "search": "../assets/javascripts/workers/search.fe42c31b.min.js", "version": null}</script>
    
    
      <script src="../assets/javascripts/bundle.d892486b.min.js"></script>
      
    
  </body>
</html>